{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf2 \
What is http?
\f1\i0 \
standard protocol for how browsers and servers communicate\

\f0\i what is a URL?\

\f1\i0 Universal resource locator.  Often made up of the protocol, hostname, port, resource, and query. \

\f0\i What is DNS?\

\f1\i0 Takes a host name, and translates it into a corresponding IP address (analogous to a phone book)
\f2\b \

\f0\i\b0 What is a query string?\

\f1\i0 optional way of specifying additional information as part of url.\

\f0\i What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?\

\f1\i0 Get: Requests data without side effects (doesn\'92t change server data). If there are arguments, they are typically passed along in the query string. \
Post: requests with side effects (ie, change data on server) Post does not include arguments using the query string. Instead, it is usually done using form submissions. \

\f0\i What is an HTTP request?\

\f1\i0 An http request includes a method (ie get), http protocol version, resource url, and headers. 
\f0\i \
What is an HTTP response?\

\f1\i0 An HTTP response is what the server sends back. includes protocol version, status code, and headers. 
\f0\i \
What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.\

\f1\i0 HTTP headers let the client and the server pass additional information with an HTTP response or request. \
Examples of headers within an HTTP request:\
Hostnames you\'92re asking about, date your browser thinks it is, language your browser wants information in, cookies. \
Examples of headers within an HTTP response:\
Content type (typically text/html for web pages), date/time the server thinks it is, any cookies server wants to set, caching information. \

\f0\i What are the processes that happen when you type \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://somesite.com/some/page.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 http://somesite.com/some/page.html}}\'94 into a browser?\

\f1\i0 The browser looks up the ip address for the domain name via DNS. The browser sends an http request to the server. The server sends back a http request. The browser renders html, and sends requests for additional content. }